Added other Item Property Methods (#505)
MinecraftForge/Documentation: docs/items/index.md

|      Method        |                  Description                  |
|:------------------:|:----------------------------------------------|
| `requiredFeatures` | Sets the required `FeatureFlag`s needed to see this item in the `CreativeModeTab` it is added to. |

> | `food`         | Makes the item eatable and is used to store information about the Hunger and Effects. |

Reviewer: This sentence could probably be reworded to explain the concept better. Probably something that mentions FoodData iirc the class correctly.

| `durability`       | Sets the maximum damage value for this item. If it is over `0`, two item properties "damaged" and "damage" are added. |

> | `defaultDurability`       | Sets the Item Durability for if it has a Maximum Damage of 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `defaultDurability`       | Sets the durability of an item, assuming the item isn't stackable.
```

| `stacksTo`         | Sets the maximum stack size. You cannot have an item that is both damageable and stackable. |
| `setNoRepair`      | Makes this item impossible to repair, even if it is damageable. |
| `craftRemainder`   | Sets this item's container item, the way that lava buckets give you back an empty bucket when they are used. |

> | `rarity`         | Sets the Item Name Color in the ToolTip based on Rarity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `rarity`         | Sets the rarity of an item. This currently only changes the color of the item name in the tooltip.
```

> | `fireResistant`         | Makes it so the item is resistant to fire.

Reviewer: Does this include lava or just fire blocks?

> | `setNoRepair`         | Makes the item impossible to Repair.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `setNoRepair`         | Makes the item impossible to repair, assuming it has durability.
```
